=== Investment ===
The purpose of this presentation is to introduce a way of investment.
First of all, what is investment? Investment is to invest is to allocate money (or sometimes another resource, such as time) in the expectation of some benefit in the future. So time is a kind of resource that we could use to invest. And time is fair to everyone: 24 hours per day. Let see what you spend your time on. As a research in 2013, on average, Chinese smartphone users spend 109 minutes daily on their mobile devices for entertainment. The report found that in total, the Chinese are on their mobile phones for 179 minutes daily on average, excluding time for calls and messages. So what if we make use of the time on mobiles? Even 90 minutes per day, we will have about 23 days per year. So we could do a lot of things with such a long time.
Secondly, what thing should we invest on? Have you thought about these questions? What if you can speak English fluently? What if you understand the business very well? What if you master the skill of negotiation? Whenever we meet some problems, we normally will think: If we could do something, it will be better. So remember and write down the things that you want to do or master, and process it. You will get the return from it.
Finally, I want to talk about how to do investment. As time is the resource we use to invest, we could do the investment anytime, anywhere. Let me take English as an example. We can listen the English audio files on our way to office. We can study some phrasal verb slips on subway or bus. And we can practice English at work: Speak English to colleagues. We can read some English books or materials before sleep. I believe these won't take you so much time. If you spend 90 minutes, you will spend 23 days on English, and your English will be much better. For the other skills, it is similar to English. The more time you spend on, the better you will be.
To be summarized, time is the best resource to do investment. Please take your time on what you believe will benefit you in the future.

